Server started running at 0.0.0.0:12345
Accepted incoming connection:
frame
1

rnd3
send4000bytes
time is out
count1
rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
1frame sent successfully
frame
2

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
2frame sent successfully
frame
3

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
3frame sent successfully
frame
4

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
4frame sent successfully
frame
5

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
5frame sent successfully
frame
6

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
6frame sent successfully
frame
7

rnd1
send4000bytes
time is out
count2
rnd2
send4000bytes
received12
ack112
Data is available now.
7frame sent successfully
frame
8

rnd2
send4000bytes
time is out
count3
rnd2
send4000bytes
received12
ack212
Data is available now.
nack
rnd2
send4000bytes
received12
ack212
Data is available now.
nack
rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack211
Data is available now.
nack
rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
8frame sent successfully
frame
9

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
9frame sent successfully
frame
10

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
10frame sent successfully
frame
11

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
11frame sent successfully
frame
12

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
12frame sent successfully
frame
13

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
13frame sent successfully
frame
14

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
14frame sent successfully
frame
15

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
15frame sent successfully
frame
16

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
16frame sent successfully
frame
17

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
17frame sent successfully
frame
18

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
18frame sent successfully
frame
19

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
19frame sent successfully
frame
20

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
20frame sent successfully
frame
21

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
21frame sent successfully
frame
22

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
22frame sent successfully
frame
23

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
23frame sent successfully
frame
24

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
24frame sent successfully
frame
25

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
25frame sent successfully
frame
26

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
26frame sent successfully
frame
27

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
27frame sent successfully
frame
28

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
28frame sent successfully
frame
29

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
29frame sent successfully
frame
30

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
30frame sent successfully
frame
31

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
31frame sent successfully
frame
32

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
32frame sent successfully
frame
33

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
33frame sent successfully
frame
34

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
34frame sent successfully
frame
35

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
35frame sent successfully
frame
36

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
36frame sent successfully
frame
37

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
37frame sent successfully
frame
38

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
38frame sent successfully
frame
39

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
39frame sent successfully
frame
40

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
40frame sent successfully
frame
41

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
41frame sent successfully
frame
42

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
42frame sent successfully
frame
43

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
43frame sent successfully
frame
44

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
44frame sent successfully
frame
45

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
45frame sent successfully
frame
46

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
46frame sent successfully
frame
47

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
47frame sent successfully
frame
48

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
48frame sent successfully
frame
49

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
49frame sent successfully
frame
50

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
50frame sent successfully
frame
51

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
51frame sent successfully
frame
52

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
52frame sent successfully
frame
53

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
53frame sent successfully
frame
54

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
54frame sent successfully
frame
55

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
55frame sent successfully
frame
56

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
56frame sent successfully
frame
57

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
57frame sent successfully
frame
58

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
58frame sent successfully
frame
59

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
59frame sent successfully
frame
60

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
60frame sent successfully
frame
61

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
61frame sent successfully
frame
62

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
62frame sent successfully
frame
63

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
63frame sent successfully
frame
64

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
64frame sent successfully
frame
65

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
65frame sent successfully
frame
66

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
66frame sent successfully
frame
67

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
67frame sent successfully
frame
68

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
68frame sent successfully
frame
69

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
69frame sent successfully
frame
70

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
70frame sent successfully
frame
71

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
71frame sent successfully
frame
72

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
72frame sent successfully
frame
73

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
73frame sent successfully
frame
74

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
74frame sent successfully
frame
75

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
75frame sent successfully
frame
76

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
76frame sent successfully
frame
77

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
77frame sent successfully
frame
78

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
78frame sent successfully
frame
79

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
79frame sent successfully
frame
80

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
80frame sent successfully
frame
81

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
81frame sent successfully
frame
82

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
82frame sent successfully
frame
83

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
83frame sent successfully
frame
84

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
84frame sent successfully
frame
85

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
85frame sent successfully
frame
86

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
86frame sent successfully
frame
87

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
87frame sent successfully
frame
88

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
88frame sent successfully
frame
89

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
89frame sent successfully
frame
90

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
90frame sent successfully
frame
91

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
91frame sent successfully
frame
92

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
92frame sent successfully
frame
93

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
93frame sent successfully
frame
94

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
94frame sent successfully
frame
95

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
95frame sent successfully
frame
96

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
96frame sent successfully
frame
97

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
97frame sent successfully
frame
98

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
98frame sent successfully
frame
99

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack111
Data is available now.
99frame sent successfully
frame
100

rnd1
send4000bytes
received12
ack101
Data is available now.
100frame sent successfully
no.of nacks3
no.of frame drops1
no.of delayed acks or nacks3
no.of ack or nack drops0
no.of frames send successfully100
